[matter] General Updates (#19112)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.matter/README.md

This describes the Matter controller functionality for discovering and controlling Matter devices.

## Quick Start

1. Install the Matter binding from the openHAB add-on store.

> 2. Add a Matter "Controller" thing to the inbox using the default settings.
> 3. Use the "Pair Matter Device" action on the controller thing to pair a device with the controller.
> 4. Add the discovered device from the inbox as a new "Node" thing.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a Matter "Controller" thing to the inbox using the default settings.
1. Use the "Pair Matter Device" action on the controller thing to pair a device with the controller.
1. Add the discovered device from the inbox as a new "Node" thing.
```

## Configuration

Note: The openHAB Matter bridge is **unrelated** to the Matter Controller Thing.
Adding, modifying or removing a Matter "Controller" thing, or any Matter "Node" thing **will have no affect on the bridge**.

There are two ways in which to configure the Matter bridge:

1. Using the "Matter Bridge Configuration" settings page (Main UI -> Settings -> Add-on Settings -> Matter Binding) for bridge status, general configuration and pairing 3rd party clients.

> 2. Adding Matter metadata tags to Groups and Items either through the Main UI or through item files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Adding Matter metadata tags to Groups and Items either through the Main UI or through item files.
```
